docs: add instructions to update Kubernetes libraries (#12784)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/dev_setup.rst

For a first run, it can take a while as it will download all dependencies to
your local cache but the remaining runs will be faster.

Updating k8s is a special case, for that one needs to update the client-go
library first and then the remaining dependencies:

#. Clone ``https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go``
#. Add the new remote fork: ``git remote add origin-cilium https://github.com/cilium/client-go.git``
#. Fetch all branches from the remote fork ``git fetch origin-cilium``
#. Checkout to the release that we are updating ``git fetch origin --tags && git checkout kubernetes-1.19.0``
#. Create a new branch ``git checkout -b kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix``
#. Cherry pick the patches that are not merged upstream from the older branches,

>    there are currently 2 patches not merged upstream:

Reviewer: > 2 patches not merged

This will date quickly unless we plan to maintain two specific patches long term. Can we make this more general to figure out the patches that must be applied?

I think in the case of Envoy patches, we explicitly maintain these as patch files in a directory in the repo and apply them on top. (Not required for this case, just a data point).

Author: @joestringer Due lack of cycles on my side this could have been 0. It has been 2 patches since the fork was created. I'll try to push for this in the next months.

   ``git cherry-pick kubernetes-1.18.5-with-hot-fix^ kubernetes-1.18.5-with-hot-fix``
#. Push the new branch to the remote fork ``git push origin-cilium kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix``
#. Save the commit SHA of the ``kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix`` branch to use
   it in the next step.

> After updating the ``client-go`` fork, update the commit SHA in the ``replace``
> directive of the ``go.mod`` file for the ``client-go`` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After updating the ``client-go`` fork, update the commit SHA in the ``replace``
directive of the ``go.mod`` file for the ``client-go`` library in the Cilium repository.
```

> At the same time, update the tags of the kubernetes libraries:

Reviewer 2: kubernetes -> Kubernetes

For a first run, it can take a while as it will download all dependencies to
your local cache but the remaining runs will be faster.

Updating k8s is a special case, for that one needs to update the client-go
library first and then the remaining dependencies:

#. Clone ``https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go``
#. Add the new remote fork: ``git remote add origin-cilium https://github.com/cilium/client-go.git``
#. Fetch all branches from the remote fork ``git fetch origin-cilium``
#. Checkout to the release that we are updating ``git fetch origin --tags && git checkout kubernetes-1.19.0``
#. Create a new branch ``git checkout -b kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix``
#. Cherry pick the patches that are not merged upstream from the older branches,
   there are currently 2 patches not merged upstream:
   ``git cherry-pick kubernetes-1.18.5-with-hot-fix^ kubernetes-1.18.5-with-hot-fix``
#. Push the new branch to the remote fork ``git push origin-cilium kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix``
#. Save the commit SHA of the ``kubernetes-1.19.0-with-hot-fix`` branch to use
   it in the next step.

> After updating the ``client-go`` fork, update the commit SHA in the ``replace``

Reviewer 3: currently we are using commit SHA of forked repo, any plan to use tag version (e.g. v0.19.0-rc.4) ?

    $ make generate-k8s-api
    $ git add go.mod go.sum vendor/

Add/update a new Kubernetes version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lets assume we want to add a new Kubernetes version ``v1.19.0``:

#. Follow the above instructions to update the Kubernetes libraries.

#. Follow the next instructions depending if it is a minor update or a patch
   update.

Minor version
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. Check if it is possible to remove the last supported Kubernetes version from
   :ref:`k8scompatibility`, :ref:`k8s_requirements`, :ref:`test_matrix`,
   :ref:`running_k8s_tests`, and add the new Kubernetes version to that list.

> #. If the minimal supported version changed, leave a note in the upgrade guide

Reviewer 3: just a question, how can we decide if minimal supported version changed? Upstream k8s is supporting last 3 minor versions, I notice that cilium is providing support for 1.12+

Author: It depends on our CI capacity. We try not to stretch it more than 7 versions supported.

   stating the minimal supported Kubernetes version.

#. If the minimal supported version changed, search over the code, more likely
   under ``pkg/k8s``, if there is code that can be removed which specifically
   exists for the compatibility of the previous Kubernetes minimal version
   supported.

#. If the minimal supported version changed, update the field
   ``MinimalVersionConstraint`` in ``pkg/k8s/version/version.go``

#. Sync all "``slim``" types by following the instructions in

>    ``pkg/k8s/slim/README.md``.

Reviewer 3: not related to this PR. Just curious if we can wrap all curl commands in this README.md by  with `go generate` then chuck `go generate` step in Makefile, this will help to automate this step as well.

Reviewer 4: I think this is a good idea. Maybe one for a followup.

Author: @sayboras I've tried doing it when introducing the `pkg/k8s/slim` but it was really difficult because one has to specify te tool used to generate the files and that tool needs to be pinned to a particular version so the generated files are always the same.

#. If necessary, update the ``coredns`` files from
   ``contrib/vagrant/deployments`` with newer versions.

> #. Open all files in the ``jenkinsfiles/`` directory, and bump all versions

Reviewer 3: as we change jenkins job, might need to update contributing/testing/{ci,e2e.rst} as well

Reviewer 4: This should be added in this section

For a first run, it can take a while as it will download all dependencies to
your local cache but the remaining runs will be faster.

> Updating k8s is a special case, for that one needs to update the client-go
> library first and then the remaining dependencies:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Updating k8s is a special case which requires updating the client-go
library first and then the remaining dependencies:
```

    $ make generate-k8s-api
    $ git add go.mod go.sum vendor/

Add/update a new Kubernetes version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Lets assume we want to add a new Kubernetes version ``v1.19.0``:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Let's assume we want to add a new Kubernetes version ``v1.19.0``:
```

#. Follow the above instructions to update the Kubernetes libraries.

> #. Follow the next instructions depending if it is a minor update or a patch

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#. Follow the next instructions depending on if it is a minor update or a patch
```
